# October 1st

## Zhifeng

### Adding Developer Configurations

I added the ".gitattributes" to suggest that "git" should use "lf" instead of "crlf" on Windows to suspend the warnings.

I added the ".vscode" folder and "prettierrc.toml" to define some developer formats, like using double quotes and semicolons.

### Switching domain name to avoid future conflict

I tried to change the Docker reverse proxy domain groups of the project from "localhost" to "actionlab.localhost". For example, the domain for the server was "server.localhost", and now it is "server.actionlab.localhost."

### Switching to Vite.js

When I tried to switch the domain configuration, I found that "webpack" seemed to be not supporting custom domain names other than "localhost." I think this consideration is to stop people from using "webpack" to deploy their client-side code in production. I remember the teacher of the "Three.js Journey" course chose to use "vite.js." Maybe I can also give it a try, trying to fix the warnings during the "npm install" phase.

During the process, almost everything worked smoothly, other than the "process" environment variables. So, I refactored all the "process" imports relating to calculating server endpoints. I defined and calculated all the needed server endpoints inside "App.jsx".

### Cleaning "project.json"

I found, according to the official "vite" examples, "@types" dependencies are developer dependencies for type checks. I guess we can put those into "devDependencies."

### Fixing "switch"

In the "demographic information" section, a "warning" was generated, which was basically because the default value of a "select" was not set. I looked at it and found that its default value (not correctly set) was actually the prompt of the question, just like a multiple-choice question with three options, but the first option is actually the question, and then it emphasizes that it cannot be selected. It's weird, so I changed it to a checkbox.

I'm not sure if that design had any special concerns or considerations.
